One of the key aspects of collecting data
is to make sure that you're collecting it
responsibly and paying attention to things
like security, privacy and fairness.
Let's talk about that now.
So we're going to be looking at how
to responsibly sourced data and
ensure that our data is secure and that
we're managing user privacy correctly.
We need to know how to check for
and ensure fairness and
we need to design labelling
systems that will mitigate bias.
So here's an example.
These images here show one standard
open source image classifier trained
on the open images data set that does
not properly apply wedding related
labels to images of wedding traditions
from different parts of the world.
On the far left, the classifiers,
label prediction is recorded as ceremony,
Wedding, bride, man, group, woman, dress.
So that's pretty correct.
The next one is bride ceremony,
wedding, dress and woman.
Again we know that's correct
at least in the west,
that's what a bride typically looks like.
The next one over is good as well.
So it's ceremony and bride and
wedding, man, groom, woman,
dress again, gets it right.
But the one on the end,
the one on the right.
Well, that's for
an African wedding ceremony, but
it's incorrectly labeled
as simply person or people.
Well, it is person your people, but it's
also a ceremony and there's a bride and
a groom and address and so forth.
So this is a classic
case it's an example it's
often cited of a problem
with bias in the data set.
So an ML system, the data may
come from different sources and
you need to think about those sources
as well in your day to say it's
not just the data that you have but
where did you get it from?
So you might be building synthetic data,
you might be doing web scraping
your often collecting live data,
especially when you're running inference.
You're often almost always really going
to be building your own data set,
although sometimes you can be
using an open source data set.
It just depends on what's available and
what you need.
But data security and privacy or key,
they're always going to be important.
Data security that really refers
to the policies and methods and
means to secure personal data or
what's often referred to as PII,
Personally Identifiable Information.
Data privacy is about proper usage,
collection retention, deletion and
storage of that data.
So data collection is not
just about your model.
You need to think about your users and
treat that data as
something that has been given
to you to be a steward of your
taking care of that data you
need to manage it responsibly.
Users really should have control
over which data is being collected.
And it's important to establish
mechanisms to prevent your system
revealing a user's data inadvertently or
even through a tax.
So how you handle your data privacy and
data security depends on
the nature of your data as well
as the operating conditions and
regulations and policies,
things like GDP are very important here.
Users privacy is also really key.
So you need to protect personally
identifiable information or data.
Well, there's different ways to do that.
Aggregation really helps with that
if you can aggregate the data so
that you can identify individual people
within it, anonymous, rising it and
giving users control over
what data they share.
Also, a good good way to deal with that.
You need to consider any laws or
regulations regarding user privacy
that might be affecting in
the places where you're going to
be using your model and redaction.
So in a lot of cases you need to give
users a way to remove some of the data,
which will create a less
complete picture but
is part of being
responsible with your data.
So ML Systems can fail users
in a lot of different ways and
we need to strike a balance
between being fair and
accurate and transparent and explainable.
Some of the ways that ML Systems
can fail are through things like
representational harm.
So representational harm is
where a system will amplify or
reflect a negative stereotype
about particular groups.
Opportunity denial is when a system
makes predictions that have
negative real life consequences that
could result in lasting impacts.
Disproportionate product failure
is where the effectiveness of your
model is really skewed so that
the outputs happen more frequently for
particular groups of users,
you get skewed outputs more
frequently essentially can think
of as errors more frequently.
Harm by disadvantage is where
a system will infer disadvantageous
associations between different
demographic characteristics and
the user behaviors around that.
So fairness is important and you should
really commit to it from the beginning.
So what does it mean?
Well, being fair means that you're
going to identify if some groups
of people get a different experience
than others in a problematic way.
So for instance, let's assume
particular gender or occupation or
age fields or part of your data and
that you use it to train a model
that predicts whether someone
would be a reliable new employee.
So it's involved in hiring.
You need to really check to make
sure that your model does not
consistently predict
different experiences for
some groups in a problematic
way by ensuring group fairness.
So what that means is
demographic parody and
that things are equalized
across different groups.
And you need to make sure
the accuracy as well is equal or or
as close as you can get it.
The data collected and labeled by
humans will reflect their biases in
many cases and their personal experiences
so you have to account for that.
Diversifying your user base is
a good way to move towards fairness,
but it's not a guarantee.
So ML Systems can amplify biases.
You need to be aware of that and
be careful about it and
you really what you want to
do is deploy fair models.
Biases can also arise when you have
disproportionate representation
of some groups within your data or
no representation at all.
So looking at the graphic here,
what we're trying to show is
that part of the people that
are shown here are in your data,
but there's a whole lot of
other people who are not.
So those groups might be stereotyped
the ones that are not in your data or
they might just be presented
in a less positive way, or
they may just get a bad
experience a lot more often.
So to reduce bias for supervised learning,
you need accurate labels to train
your model and serve predictions.
The labels are usually coming
from two broad sources.
It depends there's other sources as well,
but most of the time they're going to be
coming from automated systems or
human Raters, and we'll talk about both.
Humans are able to label
data in different ways.
And the more complicated the data is,
the more you may require an expert to
look at that data and
we'll talk about that in a bit.
So humans that label data
are referred to as Rater's.
So who are raters?
Well, they could be generalists and
these are people who just pretty average
people who are going to be adding labels
through a variety of crowdsourcing tools.
And these are cases where it's fairly easy
for people to recognize the correct label.
So for example, if you want a human to
recognize the difference between a cat and
a dog, that's something most people
can do by looking at the image.
But in some cases you really
need a subject matter expert.
So in those cases you're often
using specialized tools and
an example of that is is looking
at X rays for diagnosis.
It's not something that
just anyone can do.
You need to make sure that you're
working with an expert and
that labelling tends to
get pretty expensive.
So a subject matter expert or
domain expert,
this is something that you
need in certain cases.
You can also use your users.
So this sort of feedback that we
looked at for our running app.
This can often be very valuable if you
can find a way to work without in your
application and it's going to give
you this ongoing stream of labels for
your data if you can make that work.
So key points, first of all,
always account for fair Raters and
fair representation in your data
set to avoid potential biases.
And take into account who those labelers
are and what their incentives are,
because if you design
the incentives incorrectly,
you could get a lot of
garbage in your data.
The cost is certainly always going
to be an important consideration.
So if you can find a way to do it
with a high level of quality but
at less cost, that's great.
But you need enough data.
You need to find a way to do that.
It's one of the challenges of
production applications and
finally data freshness too.
You're going to be working with data and
depending on how the world changes
around the application and the data
that you have, you're going to need
to refresh that data on some regular basis
and detect when you need to do that.
So those are all issues you need to think
about to really manage collection of data
and to do it in a responsible way.